during Kamps hold Beyer changes
and ten years from 1968 to 1978
then fought two oxen
Forehead to forehead values ​​to measure the vigorous
after 70 seconds the fight is decided
Lacko Karavan briefly saw the arena of Armen or
according to the euro an ox Precht to Mr. Mankoc apn
the giro cards have to be taken out of the front of the professionals who are in front of it
be demolished fast run
Peter Reus advertise selected breeding
to intervene when constantly running
the Croats are still there
an extra shot into the empty one
Dvorak
So fights in the Valais are fruitful of dairy cows
in the sense of the rank order
the force is measured essentially by pressing against the forehead
storm
in the pasture in Trenthorst
the bag is looking for Schieder he is angry about the man behind him
worthwhile shows Oerter Aaltonen with multitudes
and then or norms
in the insemination center Freiburg a bull shows the whole range Destro
Behavior though tethered